= Features (v0.92)=
  * Ability to hook underlying threading model events/properties. (*new in 0.92*)
  * Decorator to profile individual functions easily. (*new in 0.92*)
  * Profiler results can be saved in [http://valgrind.org/docs/manual/cl-format.html callgrind] and [http://docs.python.org/3.4/library/profile.html#pstats.Stats pstat] formats. (*new in 0.82*) 
  * Profiler results can be merged from different sessions on-the-fly. (*new in 0.82*)
  * Profiler results can be easily converted to pstats. (*new in 0.82*) 
  * Profiling of multithreaded Python applications transparently. 
  * Supports profiling per-thread [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPU_time CPU time](*new in 0.62*)
  * Profiler can be started from any thread at any time.
  * Ability to get statistics at any time without even stopping the profiler.
  * Various flags to arrange/sort profiler results.
  * Supports Python 2.6.x <= x <= Python 3.4

= Installation =
Can be installed via *easy_install yappi* , *pip install yappi* or from the source directly.

=Documentation:=
Please see [http://code.google.com/p/yappi/wiki/apiyappi_v092 API reference manual].
For how to use the profiler and how to interpret statistics output, see [http://code.google.com/p/yappi/wiki/usageyappi_v092 usage reference manual].
And finally, see [http://code.google.com/p/yappi/wiki/whyyappi requirements and techinal] section for why we have implemented yet another python profiler and some technical info about the internals.


= Development = 
Latest development sources can be found [http://bitbucket.org/sumerc/yappi/]*.


=A Simple Example:=
{{{
>import yappi
>def foo(): 
>   for i in range(10000000): pass
>yappi.start()
>foo()
>yappi.get_func_stats().print_all()
'''
Clock type: cpu
Ordered by: totaltime, desc

name                                    #n         tsub      ttot      tavg
<stdin>:1 <module>                      2/1        0.000000  0.296402  0.148201
<stdin>:1 foo                           1          0.296402  0.296402  0.296402
..b\encodings\cp437.py:14 Codec.decode  2          0.000000  0.000000  0.000000
'''
}}}